Purgamentum
=========================================
**Group Name:** Team Purgamentum

**Members:**

* Tyler Hughes
* Ryan Morris 
* Tony DeMillard
* Bill Matonte


Code Walkthrough:
* **Folders:** Our folder structure should largely inform how things work / are arranged in the project. Everything that we wrote is under /Source/Assets/!ProjectAssets.  The scripts folder contains all of the C# code that we wrote.  Directly in the Scripts folder there's a lot of the general scripts: things like the camera controllers, basic position averaging code, and some utility scripts like the screen capturing script.  Beyond that, each folder contains scripts for the relevant game elements.  The UI folder has all the UI updating information that updates health bars and ability cooldowns and such.  The Input Scripts folder contains all the handlers for taking input from the XBox Gamepad or Mouse & Keyboard and converting them to a standardized format that the CharController can use for movement and ability activation.  Level Generation has all the code for generating the level layouts using the Delaunay Triangulation method we described during our presentation.  Game Setup handles the process of scene switching, spawning characters, tying input elements to those characters, assigning races, giving the starting abilities, and connecting UI elements to the right characters.  The combat system folder has all the various races, the stat block code, and data objects that are used like AttackData and such that are passed between characters when attacking.  The Abilities folder has the various abilities currently implemented (a slightly shorter list than before, as these are the ones we've been able to reimplement using the new AttackData system that we created).  Several elements of the game are set up within Unity's scene editor, and thus they don't appear within the code at any point.
* **Game Start:**  The order in which the game launches goes like this: The main menu scene is started up, and depending on the number of players selected, GameLauncher.cs is called using the number of players, with PlayerSpawner then handling each individual player spawn.  The GeneratedJunkyard scene is then loaded, and the LevelGeneration code is called.  Once the level is generated and all players have spawned into it, the game begins.  Basic combat goes as described during our presentation, AttackData objects are created to handle the basic information handled in attacks; they are passed through the relevant abilities using the Delegate methods and modified depending on the abilities (whether they are a critical hit, whether they're parried / dodged, etc).  All the code beyond that should be fairly straightforward, events / delegates call all the subscribed code elements when they fire.  UI is updated, damage is dealt, etc all through the delegates as they are called.